[Music]
hello and welcome to my channel a
pre-flood arts and to sharra today I am
going to share with you my recipe for a
quick and simple chicken curry you can
use this recipe when you don't have much
time for chopped onions garlic and
ginger
and this recipe also gives a nice a big
creamy baby one optical curry with a lot
of gravy you can follow this recipe so
let's see how it is done I have here
cleaned chicken pieces it's around one
and we are around 450 grams to this I am
going to add an on one teaspoon of salt
one teaspoon of black pepper powder one
teaspoon of turmeric powder and one
teaspoon of chicken masala powder
[Music]
for this I'm going to squeeze the juice
of a small piece of lemon so I'm going
to mix all the ingredients very well
with the chicken so that all the spices
are coated very well on the chicken
pieces so you can marinate this if you
have time but I'm not gonna marinate
just directly start with the cooking
process I have a band here heating with
around two tablespoons of oil to this
I'm going to add the chicken pieces
which were coated with the spices
[Music]
I'm going to let the chicken cook for
about five minutes in the oil so in the
meantime I am going to blend all these
ingredients very well I have taken here
around one cup of roughly diced onions a
small piece of ginger which have cut
into small pieces around our five to six
cloves of garlic to dry red chilli and
two tablespoons of shredded coconut so
this is optional if you want a very
thick gravy coconut you can add the
coconut I will also be adding some whole
spices like bay leaf a small law stick
of cinnamon and five to six cloves
it's been five minutes so I'm going to
make the chicken pieces and the oil
[Music]
so I'm going to let the chicken cook in
their own juices I'm going to blend the
ingredients required for the gravy with
as little water as possible
okay the chicken was cooking in the oil
for about ten minutes in the meantime I
had blended the ingredients required for
the gravy now I'm going to add this e to
the chicken so I have mixed the chicken
and the gravy ingredients very well now
I'm going to let the gravy
cook till all the raw smell of the
ingredients for away so I'm not going to
cover it
the flame is at the medium to high so
the chicken was cooking in the gravy for
about 10 minutes so the raw smell of
those ingredients has gone away and
the gravy's living oil inside at this
point of time I am going to add a few
more spices and we are in a tablespoon
of coriander powder a teaspoon of red
chili powder and a teaspoon of garam
masala so I am going to mix all the
spices to the chicken very well it's
already started to smell amazing in here
next I am going to add about half a cup
of tomato puree you could even add
chopped tomatoes instead in it very well
I am going to cook the tomatoes for
about 2 to 3 minutes you can now add
more salt if you want at this stage I
cook the tomato puree for about 2 to 3
minutes now I'm going to add about 1 cup
of water
sit very well so you can alter the
amount of water depending on the
thickness of the gravy you want the
chicken curry has come to a boil and it
looks
it has got a red nice red color and with
other gravy it's so nice and thick and
smooth
so now at this stage I am going to add
few additional ingredients it's optional
black pepper powder I'm going to add a
little bit to make it more spicy and a
teaspoon of lime I'll go also adding a
teaspoon of sugar which will bind all
the flavors together but you will not
taste the sugar will not be any
sweetness but it will just enhance the
flavour - chicken curry sit really well
alright the chicken curry is all done as
a final step I'm going to add lots of
coriander leaves
so this is how the chicken curry hadix
with a nice and thick gravy I'm going to
serve this chicken curry with some
chapatis tonight for dinner it goes very
well with naan rotis rice / yani
whatever you want to
if you like this recipe please hit the
like button subscribe to my channel to
keep track of my future videos until
next time it's bye from me
thanks for watching
[Music]